README.md, before:








# 1960s Rock Band Website - FIVESKIN

Hi there! Welcome to my first milestone project!

I have been tasked to build a website, combining the Frontend skills I have learnt from the first three modules.


<h5>What Now?</h5>

The band needs to be a 1960’s rock band and have around 50 years experience of performing live at numerous events around the world. 
<br>After interviews with the client’s representatives I have learnt that their primary target audiences are their fans and potential fans who wish to use the site to see and hear clips from their back catalog, and any new material as it becomes available.

<h5>Anything Else?</h5>

The band would also like to use the site to showcase their music and publicise their availability to perform at events such as weddings and Christmas parties.
The band has provided you, the developer, with the following assets that they would like to showcase on their website:
Photos of the band members
A video clip
Audio clips
Also, they are in the process of creating a social media presence and would like to add links to their Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages.

<h5>How Am I Going To Do It?</h5>

<ol>

<li>Firstly I am going to have a look at current band websites to research what is already out in the real world and see how they have utilised User Centric Frontend Design.</li>

<li>Next I am going to use this information to start wireframing ideas, using the briefs required content for the page. </li>

<li>I will then progress to implementing the intial code in order to made this happen.</li>

<li>Lastly, but by far not the leas important! I wil check over my code with a fine tooth comb and makesure everything is looking as it should and look for grammatical errors.</li>

</ol>
 
## UX
 
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X

Commit message:

Continued work on pages. Started adding dummy media to photos and video pages

README.md, after:








# 1960s Rock Band Website - FIVESKIN

Hi there! Welcome to my first milestone project!

I have been tasked to build a website, combining the Frontend skills I have learnt from the first three modules.


<h5>What Now?</h5>

The band needs to be a 1960’s rock band and have around 50 years experience of performing live at numerous events around the world. 
<br>After interviews with the client’s representatives I have learnt that their primary target audiences are their fans and potential fans who wish to use the site to see and hear clips from their back catalog, and any new material as it becomes available.

<h5>Anything Else?</h5>

The band would also like to use the site to showcase their music and publicise their availability to perform at events such as weddings and Christmas parties.
The band has provided you, the developer, with the following assets that they would like to showcase on their website:
Photos of the band members
A video clip
Audio clips
Also, they are in the process of creating a social media presence and would like to add links to their Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages.

<h5>How Am I Going To Do It?</h5>

<ol>

<li>Firstly I am going to have a look at current band websites to research what is already out in the real world and see how they have utilised User Centric Frontend Design.</li>

<li>Next I am going to use this information to start wireframing ideas, using the briefs required content for the page. </li>

<li>I will then progress to implementing the intial code in order to made this happen.</li>

<li>Lastly, but by far not the leas important! I wil check over my code with a fine tooth comb and makesure everything is looking as it should and look for grammatical errors.</li>

</ol>
 
## UX
 
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this project I have used the following technologies and royalty free material...

- [Video](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This section should describe the process you went through to deploy the project to a hosting platform (e.g. GitHub Pages or Heroku).

In particular, you should provide all details of the differences between the deployed version and the development version, if any, including:
- Different values for environment variables (Heroku Config Vars)?
- Different configuration files?
- Separate git branch?

In addition, if it is not obvious, you should also describe how to run your code locally.


## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media

- [Video](https://videos.pexels.com/videos/rock-band-concert-857173)
    - This project uses a royalty free video from a website called 'Pexels'. I have used this to visualise the dummy content for the band. -
   
- [Audio](https://www.free-stock-music.com/nicolai-heidlas)
    - This project uses a royalty free audio from a website called 'free-stock-music'. I took interest in a particular artist called Nicolai Heidlas, who made some great royalty free audio clips. I have used this accompolish the briefs target of embedding example music. -

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X
